This is a load of crap!
How is someone from modern times
supposed to sleep in a stable?!
And you think this is what I wanted?!
Well, we don't have any money,
so we've got no options!
Damn it all! This isn't the kind
of life I wanted to live here!
I should be saying that!
Listen well, Yunyun.
At times like these, the first
impression is crucial.
Given that we are newcomers, and
young, we will be looked down upon.
So when the door opens, we must
declare ourselves in a grand fashion!
Do we have to? It's gonna
draw so much attention.
We are doing it in order
to attract attention!
Crimson Demons cannot be
the target of derision!
Come, off we go!
I hope we don't get mixed
up with any scary people...
I am called Megumin!
Foremost spell caster among Crimson Demons,
and wielder of... explosion...
S-So embarrassing!
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
Episode 10:    Outlaws of the Town for Beginners
Apparently, there's a bulletin board at the
Adventurer's Guild for soliciting party members.
We should ask how to accept
quests while we're at it.
Good idea. We'll need to start by accepting
quests to cover our daily necessities,
and we need companions to do that.
Oh! What brings you two by so early?
H-Hello there.
My name is Megumin, and I'm an arch wizard.
So... this is my first time
seeking work as an adventurer,
and I'm not quite sure what to do.
Oh, those eyes...
You're Crimson Demons, aren't you?
I believe you create your
adventurer's card at school, right?
I can explain how we use it
over at the reception desk.
Excuse me! Is it okay if I get
the explanation a bit later?
Well, I suppose that's fine...
Wait, Megumin, you're not gonna hear her out?
I'm gonna go ahead and hear about it now.
Not a problem. I believe I'll wait
until there are more people around.
E-Excuse me...
This should do nicely.
Next person in line, please.
Oh, it's the Crimson Demon from before.
It's as you say. I am a Crimson Demon!
Starting today, I will be
operating in this town,
so I have come for an explanation
of the adventurer's card!
A Crimson Demon?
I've never seen one before.
If you'll let me examine
your card for a moment...
O-Oh, my!
This is remarkable!
Crimson Demons live up to their reputation.
Your intelligence and magic
power stats are incredible!
Yes, this is what I was after!
Now the adventurers of this town
won't dare look down on me!
Not quite as much as the
woman from yesterday,
but your magic power is
definitely remarkable.
Here you go. The card is the genuine article,
and there's no criminal record mentioned.
You'll be able to accept work from now on.
Wait, hang on. "Not as much
as the woman from yesterday"?
You're saying there's someone with
even more magic power than me?!
Yes. I helped her register as an adventurer...
But her intelligence was too low
to qualify for any mage classes.
I believe she ended up as an arch priest.
An arch priest...
Hey. Haven't seen you around before.
You looking for a crew?
Indeed I am.
You're gonna want to avoid those two, then.
With them, all the luck in the
world couldn't save your skin.
He's right about that. Keep away from them.
And one's an Axis cultist, of all things.
She'd be pretty promising if every word
out of her mouth wasn't so obnoxious.
She's probably shouting that nonsense
because she's an Axis cult priestess.
Anyway, you wanna join our party?
Whoa, hang on, no fair! I get to ask first!
Our party has two members with advanced
classes! What do you think?
We've got advanced classes, too.
She'd fit in great with us.
Our old wizard suddenly switched
classes, so we're kind of at a loss...
My name's Ryze, and I'm a warrior!
This is my little sister, Laina.
I'm a thief. Nice to meet you.
My name is Megumin. It's a pleasure.
That's your real name?
Indeed it is, and if you've got a
problem with that, let's hear it.
No! It's not a problem at all.
Come to think of it,
you are a Crimson Demon.
R-Right. I think it's a lovely name.
You're sure about wanting
to join up with us?
I would've thought you'd prefer a
party with more advanced classes...
The bigger the share of
the rewards, the better.
Don't worry! Consider yourselves in good hands.
You sound pretty confident! That's reassuring.
Yeah!
I noticed there was a quest for
exterminating chestnut rats posted.
For now, let's go through a simple quest,
and see how we work together as a party.
Consider it a bit of a trial period!
I'm almost out of money from paying
off the chestnut trees I blew up...
What do you think?
Well, where do I begin?
I don't think rookie adventurers like us
could provide you with the kind of
opportunities you deserve, Megumin!
R-Right, exactly!
You have this incredible explosion magic.
You'd be wasting your
potential in our party!
I don't mind, really.
We can all take our time growing together.
No, we couldn't! Besides,
we're only a duo, and just starting out.
It was a presumptuous to try
and recruit a Crimson Demon!
Exactly! It's, like, a question of balance?
We're just not on your level!
How do you not know what a saury is?!
What kind of life have you even lived?!
All I asked was for you to grab two saury
from the field behind the guild hall!
Screw you, old timer!
You think you can mess with me just
because I'm a kid who's new in town?!
Put a sock in it! And what the hell
has your little buddy been doing?!
Serving my customers that damned water!
Where the hell is the booze I gave you?!
Did you drink it all?! Is that it?!
I-It's not like that! My fingers
just happened to touch the liquor!
I have a condition!
The truth is, I'm the water goddess—
I'll have Yunyun treat me to dinner.
You're both fired!
H-Hello!
It's a pleasure to meet you. My name is Yunyun.
I'm an arch wizard, but can only
use intermediate magic so far...
What kind of attitude is that?
And here I thought I could
do a favor for one of my kin,
who was sulking by herself in the corner
of a pub, by sharing a meal with her.
Food? You want to eat with me?
It's only been one day so far. A bit
too early to start getting depressed.
Ma'am! One salt-grilled saury dinner special!
M-Make it two!
Now, then...
Let's try one of these today.
"Looking for party members.
Wanted: kind people, people who
will listen to boring stories,
people who won't laugh at silly names,
people who want to hang out
even if there are no quests.
Preferably close in age.
All classes accepted.
I am an arch wizard and—"
This is for Yunyun's own good.
Now, then...
"Searching for a blonde-haired,
blue-eyed noble girl."
That is quite the reward!
Maybe I'll pursue it once I get
closer to running out of money.
This one is soliciting for...
A spell caster!
I see. So you're Megumin.
That's a Crimson Demon
name if I ever heard one.
We're counting on you.
It's a pleasure to join you.
For now, let's—
Just you wait, demon of the forest!
I don't care what manner of
shame is waiting for me.
I am going to slay you!
Come on, how many times do you plan on
getting covered head to toe in goop?!
In the name of the divine Eris,
I am going to slaughter that demon!
Oh, you're all sticky!
Maybe you should get changed first? Come on!
Don't mind me.
Don't mind me—
Come on! Please!
Well, there's a feisty pair.
Demonic monsters have been
spotted in the area lately.
We're supposed to be hunting
one of them, but...
Come on, we've got a Crimson Demon
mage with us. We'll be fine.
Indeed, you will!
Demon or not, I'll defeat whatever
it is in a single blow!
Explosion!
Damn, you Crimson Demons really earn
your reputation! I'm impressed.
You actually took out a slime, with all
its magic resistance, in one shot.
I dunno how to say this...
I owe you an apology.
I figured you were one of those mages
that were all talk. I'm sorry.
No, there's actually something
I should come clean about.
The apologies can wait until after that.
The truth is, the explosion magic you saw
earlier is the only spell I can cast.
In other words, I can only use
that spell, and only once a day.
It's excellent for foes like the
one from this afternoon, but...
Does your party really contend with
those kinds of threats every day?
And you have... no other spells?
Like intermediate magic?
I do not.
Well, even if you don't,
we could help you level up, and then
maybe learn some intermediate magic to—
I have no intention of
learning any skills that won't
maximize the potency of my explosion magic.
Sorry, but... you're gonna
need to find another party.
I thought I should've let
them know early on...
Could it be that I am not,
in fact, a prodigy?
Damn!
How did she do that?! I've never
seen a trick like that before!
Hey, I want in on this!
Gimme one of those bananas!
Same here!
I want some!
Two bunches for me!
Thank you so much!
Hey, if this keeps up, we'll hit our quota easy!
Come on, hand over those bananas that
you hid. Let's make some money!
What are you talking about? I made
them disappear. They're gone.
Come on, hand me some new
bananas that we can sell!
Are you freaking kidding me?!
Stop spouting nonsense!
Bananas, now—
You're fired!
Hang on a sec—
Gimme my bananas back!
You sure you didn't count them wrong?
You'd better not have eaten them!
We need this money!
What did you say?!
We're sleeping in the damned stables!
I don't care!
This is your fault, you useless goddess!
Oh, welcome back, Megumin!
I've got some bananas. Want any?
So, how'd it go today?
Did you find a nice party yet?
No. We took on a quest together, but...
They said that I was wasted on a party like
theirs, and they declined me joining them.
I see. Well, your magic is powerful,
but only useful in certain situations.
What about you, Yunyun? Any takers?
You've been posting on
the bulletin board, right?
Someone did. But I'm not so sure...
He was obviously about as old as my dad,
but he said, "We're about
the same age, aren't we?
Leave it to me! I'll keep
you safe, sweetheart."
Your turn, Megumin.
You turned him down, right?
You had to have, yes?
W-Well, yeah...
But he was willing to chat
with me and bought me lunch,
and he seemed really nice.
And he said he wanted
to talk again sometime.
And that's check.
If I back off, her Swordmaster
can charge in...
But this piece is within
her Archer's range, so...
Do you think people are avoiding us
because of how young we are?
I haven't seen many mages around town,
so there should be plenty of demand...
No other options. Teleport!
You underestimated me because the
Adventurer is the weakest piece, didn't you?
Well, this one is changing
classes to Swordmaster!
Looks like the game's just about over!
Explosion!
Come now, Yunyun, let's get to bed
so we can be ready for another day!
Hey! Don't sleep already!
You didn't let me avenge my loss!
Aw come on, no fair!
Let's play again! Again!
Tomorrow, I will have my companions.
Explosion!
For this entire week, I've been joining and
completing quests with assorted parties...
And every time,
once the job is done, they put me
at arm's length and break our contact.
It seems a mage who can only use
explosion magic is of little use.
They're acting like I'm not needed...
Me... the child prodigy...
Me...
They're treating me like that!
You again?!
My apologies. I'll be in need
of your help again today.
You get the amount of work it takes
to fill these craters, right?
Use that spell of yours further away from
town next time, on a strong monster.
After using my magic, I'm rendered
immobile due to magic power depletion.
Unbelievable! Why is a divine
water goddess like me
having to do infrastructure crap like this?!
If I were unable to move
while far away from town,
It doesn't even have anything to do with water!
I'd be devoured by a swarm
of monsters in short order.
Because we've run out of
jobs that don't involve
sweating our asses off under the
glaring sun! Besides, it's easy!
That's just how explosion magic works.
I wanna do sales again!
Let me try one more time!
That magic of yours sure
doesn't sound very convenient.
Come to think of it, that poor
shopkeeper could use it, too.
I think I've got it figured out this time!
Where is all this confidence coming from?!
What poor shopkeeper?
She runs a famous magic item shop in town.
Quit whining already and get to work!
It's time to surpass our physical limits!
Used to be an adventurer.
Ew! You're a shut-in NEET!
Where is all this positivity coming from?!
I heard she was a hell of a spell caster,
with a hell of a rack to boot...
But doesn't have a clue
about running a business.
I am not...
Finally, a clue to her whereabouts.
Well, if I were you, I'd scare up some
companions before anything else.
At least now... I know I can
see her when I'm ready.
But first, I need to sort myself out
as a proper adventurer in this town!
Down this goes...
Excuse me.
Y-Yes?! How can I help you?!
I was hoping to get a look at
the notice you just took down.
I'd rather you didn't.
Give it!
"Spell caster classes wanted.
No magic specification necessary."
Well, this certainly is convenient!
I just so happen to be a mage
who's free at the moment...
S-Sorry, the position's been filled!
Just a few moments ago, actually...
That's why I was taking it down—
I've had enough of these excuses.
What is this? Some sort of
explosion magic prejudice?
Has the entire guild decided to cancel me?
What are you doing?! Quit it!
What's all this about?! Settle down!
Megumin, you can't be
fighting in the guild hall!
If you're going to fight, take it outside!
Fine.
I'm begging you!
Even a date would be fine... just
for an hour! Even thirty minutes!
But that's not really what I'm here for...
Please! Please! Please! Please!
You're the only one I can turn to, Yunyun!
I-In that case... I guess just
a little while would be fine...
Really?!
Like hell it would!
What in the world are you doing?!
B-But he said he needs money, and a
fake girlfriend, for his sick mom...
Those are obviously total lies!
Just how easily duped can one girl be?
What else?! Have any other weirdos made
bizarre requests of you while I was gone?
N-Nothing bizarre, no.
But the old man who's
always day drinking here
asked me to start calling him "Daddy,"
and offered me some allowance money...
And you took it?!
No. I actually gave him some of mine,
since he seemed to be down on his luck...
You gave him money?!
Wh-What else could I have done?
He's drinking here by himself every single day!
When he talked to me, he said he was
gathering alms for the Axis sect...
Why do you even have that?!
Throw it away right now!
Unbelievable!
I tried leaving you be, hoping it'd help
you grow out of your awkwardness,
but it's gotten so much worse, you're
approaching a dangerous threshold!
Then again, there's my own lack of funds
and difficulty in finding
adventuring companions...
I've got it!
What do you say? Until we
each find new party members,
we could temporarily form a party.
What?!
I only offered to form a party.
Why are you so shocked?
S-Say, Megumin...
Do you remember what I told
you the other day? Y'know...
About us settling things once
I've learned advanced magic?
Oh, when you were mumbling in
the coach after I beat Arnes?
What of it?
"What of it"?
How could you?!
Did that promise seriously
just slip off your brain?!
Is your memory shot?! Have the shock waves
from explosion magic ruined your brain?!
I have no idea what you're talking about!
Let's take on some quests and earn money,
or we won't even be able
to afford lodging tonight!
W-Wait, are we about to
be stuck in the stables?
Megumin! Yunyun!
I can't have you fighting in here!
Miss...
We need work!
Next Episode Preview
Episode 11: "The Explosion Girl and the Forest Irregularity"
Big trouble, Megumin!
This is a town full of beginners,
but a serious threat just appeared!
A striking performance here will have
people begging us to join them!
It's time to make everyone who cast
me aside regret their foolishness!
But this demon is supposed
to be really, really strong!
N-Next time, we'll light up your
need for validation with an...
Explosion!